it's a boy girl thing is a romantic
comedy movie which got released in 2006.
let's now get into the plot of the movie
vody and nel are neighbors and former
childhood friends who go to the same
high school but are otherwise completely
different
woody is a popular varsity football
player while nell is a girl who loves
literature but lacks social skills they
loathe each other and are constantly in
dispute
one day the class goes on a school trip
to a museum and they are forced to work
together on an assignment
they quickly began arguing in front of a
statue of the ancient aesthetic god tess
catley poker as they argue the statue
casts a spell upon them causing them to
wake up in each other's bodies the next
morning
when they arrive at school they
immediately blame each other for the
body swap but agree to pretend to be the
other person until they can find a way
to switch back at first they seem to
succeed
but then they return to arguing quickly
when they feel the other is
misrepresenting them in the opposite
body such as vody in nell's body
answering a question oddly and
surprising a teacher the following day
nell in woody's body arrives at school
wearing she knows and an oxford cotton
button down making woody's appearance
look docky which frustrates woody and
he's even more frustrated after he hears
about how nell invudes body failed
woody's football practice the previous
day as payback woody in nell's body
dresses in inappropriate and provocative
clothing the following day
after school nell in retaliation breaks
up with bryanna woody's girlfriend much
to the disappointment of foodie the
humiliation competition continues when
woody drives off with a biker boy nikki
and makes nell think
she is going to lose her virginity
however woody decides it is so gay and
leaves nikki just as he is removing his
clothing
the following day rumors are being
spread around school by nikki about his
night with nel
when nell finds out she gets very upset
when woody finds nell he admits that he
didn't actually lose nell's virginity
that everyone was simply spreading
nikki's lies however nell is still let
down and so woody decides to confront
nikki it turns out that vody in nell's
body can't fight him and nell in woori's
body runs up and punches him in the face
after this nel and woody reach a truce
and realize that the statue of tess
catley poker at the museum had something
to do with their body swap they head
down to the museum and even after
confronting the statue they failed to
return to their original bodies they
realized they are going to have to help
each other in two important upcoming
events nell must learn how to play
football for woody's homecoming game and
woody must learn about poetry and
literature for nell's yale interview
later that night nell in wuri's body is
getting drunk at a party while vodi in
nell's body is stuck at a slumper party
listening to all the gossips about
himself and is surrounded by nail polish
pajamas slippers and gets a bikini wax
after spending so much time together
nell and vodi become very fond of each
other and start to understand each other
better the night before the interview
and the game they agreed to go to the
homecoming dance together as not a date
the day of the interview and match woody
goes to yale for the interview and at
first messes things up and is asked to
leave but he starts to speak about
poetry in rap which impresses and
astonishes the interviewer after that he
goes to the full board match and watches
nell running the winning touchdown in
the closing seconds a college recruiter
witnesses his good performance and wants
to talk to him later after the game they
congratulate each other for their
successes
shortly after this the spell lifts and
they returned to their original bodies
the scene finishes with woody being
kissed by bryanna and nell going home
very upset about it the following day
worry tries to talk to nel but is
stopped by her mother who sees woody's
family as uneducated nell receives an
acceptance letter from yale meaning that
her interview done by vodi in her body
was successful however she's still upset
with woody and decides not to go to the
homecoming dance meanwhile nell's father
has a talk with her on the poach about
woody during which she confesses she
truly likes him and her father surprises
her with a dress
woody and dryana are selected as the
homecoming king and queen
and as the homecoming king and queen
prepare to dance and upset woody sees
nell and both confess their love for
each other
and they leave the school together and
share a kiss in front of their houses
there ends the movie movie is a pretty
good watch
however the imdb rating for the movie
6.3 out of 10.